what he wanted was revenge and right
before he was introduced he'd gotten
ready for it
[Applause]
[Music]
vibing and she was v pie Lord Ashe began
to imagine that he was exceeding plans
he pretended he was eating Cal flops and
rat guts and blueberry sauce a sound
started to build in her stomach a
strange and scary sound like a log
coming at you in a hundred miles an hour
[Music]
suddenly darkness opened his mouth and
before bill Travis knew it he was
covered with five pies worth of used
blueberries the women in the audience
bossman Bob Cormier took one look at
Bill Travis embarked on the principal
Wiggins principle we can sparked on a
lumberjack but was sitting next to him
mayor Grundy Barth on his wife's tits
but when the smell hit the crowd
that's when lard ass plan really started
to work girlfriend sparked on boyfriends
kids sparked on their parents a fat lady
fart in her purse
the Donnelly twins barked on each other
and the Women's Auxiliary parked all
over the benevolent order of antelopes
and lard ass just sat back and enjoyed
what he created
[Music]